Rework technical information in the README (#3399)
meilisearch/meilisearch: README.md

Thank you for your support!

## 👩‍💻 Contributing

Meilisearch is and always will be open-source! If you want to contribute to the project, please take a look at this [guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

> 
> We are looking forward to review your contribution! ❤️

Reviewer: I feel this doesn't add much to what has already been said. But it boils down to personal preference. Feel free to push back.

```suggestion
```

## 📦 Technical information

> More information about technical details related to the Meilisearch project:
> - The releases of Meilisearch and their associated binaries are available [in this GitHub section](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/releases).
> - We versionize the Meilisearch binaries following the [SemVer conventions](https://semver.org/), and we also provide our detailed [versioning policy](https://github.com/meilisearch/engine-team/blob/main/resources/versioning-policy.md).
> - The crates in this repository are not currently available on [crates.io](https://crates.io/) and do not follow [SemVer conventions](https://semver.org).

Reviewer: For some reason the list bothers me a bit. Possibly because each item is sort of a continuation of the other, instead of completely individual bits of information?

```suggestion
Meilisearch releases and their associated binaries are available [in this GitHub page](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/releases).

The binaries are versioned following [SemVer conventions](https://semver.org/). To know more, read our [versioning policy](https://github.com/meilisearch/engine-team/blob/main/resources/versioning-policy.md).

Differently from the binaries, crates in this repository are not currently available on [crates.io](https://crates.io/) and do not follow [SemVer conventions](https://semver.org).
```
